feat(executions): add `iterationOutput()` method in doc and autocomplete (#15099)
kestra-io/kestra: ui/src/assets/docs/basic.md

| `contains`            | `{{ ["apple", "pear", "banana"] contains "apple" }}` — Checks if a collection contains a particular item.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| `currentEachOutput`   | `{{ currentEachOutput(outputs.first) }}` — Retrieves the current output of a sibling task.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

> | `iterationOutput`     | `{{ iterationOutput(taslkId='myTask', iteration=taskrun.iteration - 1) }}` — Retrieves the output of a sibling task from a past iteration, or the current one if the `iteration` parameter is omitted.                                                                                                                                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `iterationOutput`     | `{{ iterationOutput(taslkId='myTaskId', iteration=taskrun.iteration - 1) }}` — Retrieves the output of a sibling or current task from a past iteration, or the output of a sibling task from the current iteration, or the output of the current task from the previous iteration if the `iteration` parameter is omitted.                                                                                                                                                                                     |
```

Reviewer: @loicmathieu the last sentence is ambiguous , this is more accurate. could you apply this change?
